PITCHME.md, before:

# Museumary

Trenton Strahan, Maxwell West, Joshua Morris, Kelly Nguyen, Kenny Le

---

## Introductions

---

### Trenton Strahan

watch out its trenton oooOOOoOoOo

---

### Max West

watch out its max oooOOOoOoOo

---

### Josh Morris

watch out its josh oooOOOoOoOo

---

### Kelly Nguyen

* About Me
    * I am a loving mother to my cats Magpie and Rorschach (and my roommate's cats Pigeon and Poncho) and my dog Bear
    * They are my only hobby because I don't have time for anything else
    * I also like Tom Hanks and sushi
* Project Responsibilities
    * Writing and documenting the RESTful API
    * Setting up and filling the database
    * Implementing search on the backend

---

### Kenny Le

watch out its kenny oooOOOoOoOo

---

## Demonstration

---

## Self Critique

---

### What did we do well?

---

### What did we learn?

* What a web application is comprised of in terms of front-end and back-end and how the two interact with each other
* What a RESTful API is and how to write one
* How to define database models, set up a Postgres database, and manipulate it using SQL and an ORM like SQLAlchemy
* *insert stuff about front end*

+++

### What can we do better?

* Search
    * Our search time outs for queries with too many results because it does the whole query at once (i.e. query="drawing")
* Data
    * There weren't many good RESTful API sources for our topic
    * We have limited data on artists and not many well-known artists since our source APIs are limited to the works contained in a specific museum
    * Artists don't have data on all their works, only the works in the museums we scraped
    * Data on only five museums
* Mobile Site
    * Hamburger menu doesn't work
    * On desktop when the window is resized, mobile settings are applied and the paging buttons move to the middle of the screen

---

### What puzzles us?

* Search
    * How to search across multiple tables and have the combined results sorted by relevancy (Our method was kind of hacky)

---

## Critique of endangered-animals.me

---

### What did they do well?

---

### What did we learn from their website?

---

### What can they do better?

---

### What puzzles us about their website?

---

## Visualization

Commit message:

fixed vertical slides because they don't do what I thought they did

PITCHME.md, after:

# Museumary

Trenton Strahan, Maxwell West, Joshua Morris, Kelly Nguyen, Kenny Le

---

## Introductions

+++

### Trenton Strahan

watch out its trenton oooOOOoOoOo

+++

### Max West

watch out its max oooOOOoOoOo

+++

### Josh Morris

watch out its josh oooOOOoOoOo

+++

### Kelly Nguyen

* About Me
    * I am a loving mother to my cats Magpie and Rorschach (and my roommate's cats Pigeon and Poncho) and my dog Bear
    * They are my only hobby because I don't have time for anything else
    * I also like Tom Hanks and sushi
* Project Responsibilities
    * Writing and documenting the RESTful API
    * Setting up and filling the database
    * Implementing search on the backend

+++

### Kenny Le

watch out its kenny oooOOOoOoOo

---

## Demonstration

---

## Self Critique

+++

### What did we do well?

+++

### What did we learn?

* What a web application is comprised of in terms of front-end and back-end and how the two interact with each other
* What a RESTful API is and how to write one
* How to define database models, set up a Postgres database, and manipulate it using SQL and an ORM like SQLAlchemy
* *insert stuff about front end*

+++

### What can we do better?

* Search
    * Our search time outs for queries with too many results because it does the whole query at once (i.e. query="drawing")
* Mobile Site
    * Hamburger menu doesn't work
    * On desktop when the window is resized, mobile settings are applied and the paging buttons move to the middle of the screen

+++

### What can we do better? (continued)

* Data
    * There weren't many good RESTful API sources for our topic
    * We have limited data on artists and not many well-known artists since our source APIs are limited to the works contained in a specific museum
    * Artists don't have data on all their works, only the works in the museums we scraped
    * Data on only five museums

+++

### What puzzles us?

* Search
    * How to search across multiple tables and have the combined results sorted by relevancy (Our method was kind of hacky)

---

## Critique of endangered-animals.me

+++

### What did they do well?

+++

### What did we learn from their website?

+++

### What can they do better?

+++

### What puzzles us about their website?

---

## Visualization
